cdc: add hex encoding to csv (#14427)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/ticdc-changefeed-config.md

# null = '\N'
# Whether to include commit-ts in CSV rows. The default value is false.
# include-commit-ts = false

> # The encoding method of binary data, including base64 与 hex. The default value is base64。

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The encoding method of binary data. Available options are 'base64' and 'hex". The default value is 'base64'.
```
